1)

Add code to the deleteTicket method; so if user enters a ticket ID that doesn’t exist,
it prints an error message and asks the user to try again.
You should also validate that the user is not entering a String or double or something that is not an int.
 gain; the method should ask the user to enter the ticket ID again.)

 COMPLETED


2)

Modify the menu. Remove the Delete Ticket option. Replace it with 3 new options:
Delete by ID, Delete by Issue, and Search by Name.

Write ONE method, which searches your ticket list and returns a new list of Tickets
whose descriptions contain a certain string.
For example, you might want to search for all tickets with the word “server” in.
Your method should return a list of all Tickets with “server” in the description.

Use this method to help you implement Search by Name.


3)

Now, implement Delete by Issue.
Your user may want to search for all tickets with "Server" in the description,
to see a list of those tickets and their IDs.
At that point, they could enter an ID of the Ticket they want to delete.


4)

Modify your program so that Tickets can store another date – resolution date – and a String that documents why the ticket was closed – the fix or the resolution for the ticket.
Now assume that when users delete a ticket, it has been resolved in some way. Either you’ve fixed the problem, or the user has figured out how to change their own screensaver, or it’s become a non-issue in some other way
Now, when you delete a Ticket, your program should ask the user for the resolution. It should store the resolution, plus the current date. Now, remove this Ticket from the ticketQueue list.
And, add this ticket to a new list, called resolvedTickets.
There are at least two ways of doing this:
Question: Would you rather subclass Ticket and create a new class called ResolvedTicket? Or modify the current Ticket class to add these two new variables? Why did you choose the approach that you used?

5)

When the program closes, please write out all the data about all open tickets, and all resolved tickets, to files.
Resolved tickets should go into one file.  This file should have today’s date in the filename. Something like “Resolved_tickets_as_of_february_14_2014.txt” perhaps?
Open tickets should go in another file called “open_tickets.txt”.

    Currently have the a file that contains every open ticket being written each time the user quits the program.
    Need to see if it's overwritten or not when the program is opened again.
    As well as adding a separate file for resolved tickets, after some of the tasks above are completed. 

6)

When you program opens, it should look for a file called open_tickets.txt.
Read in this file, and create ticket objects,
and store these in the ticketQueue list so the user can see all open tickets.

7)

What happens to ticket IDs when the program is closed and opened? Make sure they don't reset to 1 when the user restarts the program.
Push this Java code to your GitHub repository and paste the link here
Also paste your Java code here
